README.md, before:

# tf-aws-cf-s3-website
A CloudFront and S3 Bucket solution for the following two scenarios:
 - Hosting a static website.
 - Redirecting the web traffic to another website.

## Usage

```js
module "redirect" {
  source = "../"

  domain_names        = ["trynotto.click"]
  redirect_to         = "https://www.trynotto.click"
  redirect            = true
  acm_certificate_arn = "${aws_acm_certificate_validation.cert.certificate_arn}"
  tags                = "${var.website_redirect_tags}"
  logging_bucket      = "${aws_s3_bucket.cloudfront_logs.bucket_domain_name}"
  logging_prefix      = "redirect"
  s3_bucket_name      = "trynottoclick-redirect"
}

resource "aws_route53_record" "redirection_dns" {
  zone_id = "ZW7HC3OXIT5P9"
  name    = "trynotto.click"
  type    = "A"

  alias {
    name                   = "${module.redirect.cf_domain_name}"
    zone_id                = "${module.redirect.cf_hosted_zone_id}"
    evaluate_target_health = true
  }
}

module "website" {
  source = "../"

  domain_names        = ["www.trynotto.click"]
  acm_certificate_arn = "${aws_acm_certificate_validation.cert.certificate_arn}"
  tags                = "${var.website_tags}"
  logging_bucket      = "${aws_s3_bucket.cloudfront_logs.bucket_domain_name}"
  logging_prefix      = "website"
  s3_bucket_name      = "trynottoclick-website"
  cors_rule           = [
    {
      allowed_headers = [ "Authorization" ]
      allowed_methods = [ "GET", "HEAD" ]
      allowed_origins = [ "*" ]
      max_age_seconds = 3000
    }
  ]
}

resource "aws_route53_record" "website_dns" {
  zone_id = "ZW7HC3OXIT5P9"
  name    = "www.trynotto.click"
  type    = "A"

  alias {
    name                   = "${module.website.cf_domain_name}"
    zone_id                = "${module.website.cf_hosted_zone_id}"
    evaluate_target_health = true
  }
}
```

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|:----:|:-----:|:-----:|
| acm\_certificate\_arn | The ARN of the AWS Certificate Manager certificate that you wish to use with this distribution. The ACM certificate must be in US-EAST-1 (N. Virginia). | string | n/a | yes |
| allowed\_methods | Controls which HTTP methods CloudFront processes and forwards to your Amazon S3 bucket or your custom origin. | list | `<list>` | no |
| cached\_methods | Controls whether CloudFront caches the response to requests using the specified HTTP methods. | list | `<list>` | no |
| comment | Any comments you want to include about the distribution. | string | `""` | no |
| cors\_rule | A rule of Cross-Origin Resource Sharing. | list | `<list>` | no |
| default\_ttl | The default amount of time (in seconds) that an object is in a CloudFront cache before CloudFront forwards another request in the absence of an Cache-Control max-age or Expires header. | string | `"86400"` | no |
| domain\_names | Extra CNAMEs (alternate domain names). | list | `<list>` | no |
| enabled | Enable and create the CloudFront Distribution and S3 Bucket solution. | string | `"true"` | no |
| error\_document | The filename or the HTML file to use/present in the event of an error occuring. | string | `"index.html"` | no |
| index\_document | The filename or the HTML file to use/present when browsing to the website. | string | `"index.html"` | no |
| logging\_bucket | The Amazon S3 bucket to store the access logs in, for example, myawslogbucket.s3.amazonaws.com. | string | n/a | yes |
| logging\_include\_cookies | Specifies whether you want CloudFront to include cookies in access logs. | string | `"false"` | no |
| logging\_prefix | An optional string that you want CloudFront to prefix to the access log filenames for this distribution, for example, myprefix/. | string | `""` | no |
| max\_ttl | The maximum amount of time (in seconds) that an object is in a CloudFront cache before CloudFront forwards another request to your origin to determine whether the object has been updated. Only effective in the presence of Cache-Control max-age, Cache-Control s-maxage, and Expires headers. | string | `"31536000"` | no |
| min\_ttl | The minimum amount of time that you want objects to stay in CloudFront caches before CloudFront queries your origin to see whether the object has been updated. | string | `"0"` | no |
| minimum\_protocol\_version | The minimum version of the SSL protocol that you want CloudFront to use for HTTPS connections. One of SSLv3, TLSv1, TLSv1_2016, TLSv1.1_2016 or TLSv1.2_2018. | string | `"TLSv1.2_2018"` | no |
| price\_class | The price class for this distribution. One of PriceClass_All, PriceClass_200, PriceClass_100. | string | `"PriceClass_All"` | no |
| redirect | Enable redirection mode. | string | `"false"` | no |
| redirect\_to | The URL that the web traffic will be redirected to. Eg. https://www.example.com | string | `""` | no |
| restriction\_locations | The ISO 3166-1-alpha-2 codes for which you want CloudFront either to distribute your content (whitelist) or not distribute your content (blacklist). | list | `<list>` | no |
| restriction\_type | The method that you want to use to restrict distribution of your content by country: none, whitelist, or blacklist. | string | `"none"` | no |
| routing\_rules | A json array containing routing rules describing redirect behavior and when redirects are applied to a website. | string | `""` | no |
| s3\_bucket\_name | The name of the S3 Bucket to be created. | string | n/a | yes |
| s3\_bucket\_versioning\_enabled | Enable versioning. | string | `"true"` | no |
| smooth\_streaming | Indicates whether you want to distribute media files in Microsoft Smooth Streaming format using the origin that is associated with this cache behavior. | string | `"false"` | no |
| tags | The tags to associate with the resources. | map | `<map>` | no |
| viewer\_protocol\_policy | Use this element to specify the protocol that users can use to access the files in the origin specified by TargetOriginId when a request matches the path pattern in PathPattern. One of `allow-all`, `https-only`, or `redirect-to-https`. | string | `"redirect-to-https"` | no |
| web\_acl\_id | Web ACL ID that can be attached to the Cloudfront distribution | string | `""` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| cf\_arn | The ARN (Amazon Resource Name) for the CloudFront Distribution. For example: arn:aws:cloudfront::123456789012:distribution/EDFDVBD632BHDS5, where 123456789012 is your AWS account ID. |
| cf\_domain\_name | The domain name corresponding to the CloudFront Distribution. For example: d604721fxaaqy9.cloudfront.net. |
| cf\_hosted\_zone\_id | The CloudFront Route 53 zone ID that can be used to route an Alias Resource Record Set to. This attribute is simply an alias for the zone ID Z2FDTNDATAQYW2. |
| cf\_id | The identifier for the CloudFront Distribution. For example: EDFDVBD632BHDS5. |
| s3\_bucket\_arn | The ARN of the S3 Bucket. |
| s3\_bucket\_domain | The domain of the website endpoint. This is used to create Route 53 alias records. |
| s3\_bucket\_domain\_name | The bucket domain name for the website. Will be of format bucketname.s3.amazonaws.com. |
| s3\_bucket\_endpoint | The website endpoint. |
| s3\_bucket\_id | The name of the S3 Bucket. |

Commit message:

Make CORS feature more flexible
Add Create DNS Records feature

Ability to set the region for the S3 Bucket

Update the README.md

Update CORS defaults, descriptions and README

Rename variable and update count

Reverting out cors_rule changes

Readding code accidentally removed

terraform fmt

Correcting the description and README

Refactor of domain and zone mapping

terraform formatting

Refactor zone list

Fix R53 name and zone reference

Update variable description and README

Removing non-required temp file

README.md, after:

# tf-aws-cf-s3-website
A CloudFront and S3 Bucket solution for the following two scenarios:
 - Hosting a static website.
 - Redirecting the web traffic to another website.

## Usage

```js
module "redirect" {
  source = "../"

  domain_names        = ["trynotto.click"]
  redirect_to         = "https://www.trynotto.click"
  redirect            = true
  acm_certificate_arn = "${aws_acm_certificate_validation.cert.certificate_arn}"
  tags                = "${var.website_redirect_tags}"
  logging_bucket      = "${aws_s3_bucket.cloudfront_logs.bucket_domain_name}"
  logging_prefix      = "redirect"
  s3_bucket_name      = "trynottoclick-redirect"
}

module "website" {
  source              = "../"
  domain_names        = ["www.trynotto.click", "www.stage.trynotto.click"]
  acm_certificate_arn = "${aws_acm_certificate_validation.cert.certificate_arn}"
  tags                = "${var.website_tags}"
  logging_bucket      = "${aws_s3_bucket.cloudfront_logs.bucket_domain_name}"
  logging_prefix      = "website"
  s3_bucket_name      = "trynottoclick-website"

  cors_rule = [
    {
      allowed_headers = ["Authorization"]
      allowed_methods = ["GET", "HEAD"]
      allowed_origins = ["*"]
      max_age_seconds = 3000
    },
  ]


  route53_alias_records = [
    {
      name    = "www.trynotto.click"
      zone_id = "ZW7HC3OXIT5P9"
    },
    {
      name    = "www.stage.trynotto.click"
      zone_id = "Z3BT5WSADCX44L"
    },
  ]
}
```

## Inputs

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
|------|-------------|:----:|:-----:|:-----:|
| acm\_certificate\_arn | The ARN of the AWS Certificate Manager certificate that you wish to use with this distribution. The ACM certificate must be in US-EAST-1 (N. Virginia). | string | n/a | yes |
| allowed\_methods | Controls which HTTP methods CloudFront processes and forwards to your Amazon S3 bucket or your custom origin. | list | `<list>` | no |
| cached\_methods | Controls whether CloudFront caches the response to requests using the specified HTTP methods. | list | `<list>` | no |
| comment | Any comments you want to include about the distribution. | string | `""` | no |
| cors\_rule | A rule of Cross-Origin Resource Sharing. | list | `<list>` | no |
| default\_ttl | The default amount of time (in seconds) that an object is in a CloudFront cache before CloudFront forwards another request in the absence of an Cache-Control max-age or Expires header. | string | `"86400"` | no |
| domain\_names | Extra CNAMEs (alternate domain names). | list | `<list>` | no |
| enabled | Enable and create the CloudFront Distribution and S3 Bucket solution. | string | `"true"` | no |
| error\_document | The filename or the HTML file to use/present in the event of an error occuring. | string | `"index.html"` | no |
| index\_document | The filename or the HTML file to use/present when browsing to the website. | string | `"index.html"` | no |
| logging\_bucket | The Amazon S3 bucket to store the access logs in, for example, myawslogbucket.s3.amazonaws.com. | string | n/a | yes |
| logging\_include\_cookies | Specifies whether you want CloudFront to include cookies in access logs. | string | `"false"` | no |
| logging\_prefix | An optional string that you want CloudFront to prefix to the access log filenames for this distribution, for example, myprefix/. | string | `""` | no |
| max\_ttl | The maximum amount of time (in seconds) that an object is in a CloudFront cache before CloudFront forwards another request to your origin to determine whether the object has been updated. Only effective in the presence of Cache-Control max-age, Cache-Control s-maxage, and Expires headers. | string | `"31536000"` | no |
| min\_ttl | The minimum amount of time that you want objects to stay in CloudFront caches before CloudFront queries your origin to see whether the object has been updated. | string | `"0"` | no |
| minimum\_protocol\_version | The minimum version of the SSL protocol that you want CloudFront to use for HTTPS connections. One of SSLv3, TLSv1, TLSv1_2016, TLSv1.1_2016 or TLSv1.2_2018. | string | `"TLSv1.2_2018"` | no |
| price\_class | The price class for this distribution. One of PriceClass_All, PriceClass_200, PriceClass_100. | string | `"PriceClass_All"` | no |
| redirect | Enable redirection mode. | string | `"false"` | no |
| redirect\_to | The URL that the web traffic will be redirected to. Eg. https://www.example.com | string | `""` | no |
| restriction\_locations | The ISO 3166-1-alpha-2 codes for which you want CloudFront either to distribute your content (whitelist) or not distribute your content (blacklist). | list | `<list>` | no |
| restriction\_type | The method that you want to use to restrict distribution of your content by country: none, whitelist, or blacklist. | string | `"none"` | no |
| route53\_alias\_records | A list of maps of the domains in the CloudFront Distribution to the Route53 Zone IDs to be used to create DNS Alias records.  For example: ```route53_alias_records = [ { name = "www.example.com" zone_id = "Z123456" }, { name = "www.stage-example.com" zone_id = "Z123456" } ]```) | list | `<list>` | no |
| routing\_rules | A json array containing routing rules describing redirect behavior and when redirects are applied to a website. | string | `""` | no |
| s3\_bucket\_name | The name of the S3 Bucket to be created. | string | n/a | yes |
| s3\_bucket\_region | The AWS Region to create the S3 Bucket resource in. Defaults to current region. | string | `""` | no |
| s3\_bucket\_versioning\_enabled | Enable versioning. | string | `"true"` | no |
| smooth\_streaming | Indicates whether you want to distribute media files in Microsoft Smooth Streaming format using the origin that is associated with this cache behavior. | string | `"false"` | no |
| tags | The tags to associate with the resources. | map | `<map>` | no |
| viewer\_protocol\_policy | Use this element to specify the protocol that users can use to access the files in the origin specified by TargetOriginId when a request matches the path pattern in PathPattern. One of `allow-all`, `https-only`, or `redirect-to-https`. | string | `"redirect-to-https"` | no |
| web\_acl\_id | Web ACL ID that can be attached to the Cloudfront distribution | string | `""` | no |

## Outputs

| Name | Description |
|------|-------------|
| cf\_arn | The ARN (Amazon Resource Name) for the CloudFront Distribution. For example: arn:aws:cloudfront::123456789012:distribution/EDFDVBD632BHDS5, where 123456789012 is your AWS account ID. |
| cf\_domain\_name | The domain name corresponding to the CloudFront Distribution. For example: d604721fxaaqy9.cloudfront.net. |
| cf\_hosted\_zone\_id | The CloudFront Route 53 zone ID that can be used to route an Alias Resource Record Set to. This attribute is simply an alias for the zone ID Z2FDTNDATAQYW2. |
| cf\_id | The identifier for the CloudFront Distribution. For example: EDFDVBD632BHDS5. |
| s3\_bucket\_arn | The ARN of the S3 Bucket. |
| s3\_bucket\_domain | The domain of the website endpoint. This is used to create Route 53 alias records. |
| s3\_bucket\_domain\_name | The bucket domain name for the website. Will be of format bucketname.s3.amazonaws.com. |
| s3\_bucket\_endpoint | The website endpoint. |
| s3\_bucket\_id | The name of the S3 Bucket. |
